# FactorioBlueprintEditor

### Dependencies:
- [zlib](https://www.zlib.net/ )

### Tested on Ubuntu 18.04

### ToDo
- Read CSV in to `Blueprinter` object
  - Specifically, fix issue that we haven't decoded the raw dict data (similar to JSON) into classes yet.

## Description
Factorio Blueprint Editor is a tool to read Factorio Blueprint strings (from a file) into a Python object with can be manipulated and then exported back to a blueprint string (also saved to a file).
The main class is `Blueprinter` and it has 4 useful functions:
- `openFromStrFile()`
  - Updates `Blueprinter` with the data from the blueprint string file. Called implicitly if `Blueprinter` is passed in a filename to it's `inputStrFile` argument.
- `openFromCSV()`
  - TODO: Updates `Blueprinter` with the data from a csv file (probably generated by previous calls to `Blueprinter`). Called implicitly if `Blueprinter` is passed in a filename to it's `inputCSVFile` argument.
- `toCSV()`
  - Outputs the contents of `Blueprinter` to a CSV file in a human readable format.
- `toStrFile()`
  - Outputs the contents of `Blueprinter` to a specified file as a Factorio-importable string

`Blueprinter` also has a few useful fields:
- `bpItem`
- `bpName`
- `bpColor`
- `mapVersion`
- `entities`
- `tiles`
- `icons`
- `schedules`

All of these fields have analogs with descriptions [here](https://wiki.factorio.com/Blueprint_string_format).

`modifyBP.py` has some example code of an application using the `Blueprinter` class.
I personally have taken to giving my input string files a .fac extension, so `bp3.fac` is a file with a factorio blueprint string in it.
